We are experimenting with how people interact with other pedestrians in the shared space in general communication. We will investigate subjective feelings, passenger experience, and their favorite eHMI to find the relationship between passenger’s personality and their favorite eHMI design. Your personally identifiable information will not be used for anything other than to support the experiment. Only your age, gender, and nationality are required for the survey.
Participants will experience eHMI on the WHILL vehicle, and then it will automatically run on the predefined route. Each time the APMV encounters a pedestrian, the eHMI will be activated. Participants will fill out questionnaires about how they feel about the eHMI. The experiment will be held in 6 turns, with 2 encounters each turn. After the experiment, participants will be asked to conduct a final survey using TIPI inventory and face-to-face interview methods.
You will first be instructed to sit on the WHILL vehicle in a relaxed pose. Then, when the setup is ready, the WHILL will automatically ride on its route from the starting point to the target point.
APMV will encounter the pedestrian. The APMV stops upon encountering the pedestrian, and the pedestrian stops synchronously as soon as he/she sees the APMV
APMV will encounter the pedestrian. The APMV stops upon encountering the pedestrian, and the pedestrian stops synchronously as soon as he/she sees the APMV. And the APMV will say something to greet him first.
Then, After the pedestrian says hello back to you, the APMV will say something to let him go first. Afterwards, the pedestrian faces the eye animation showing on the e-HMI display and says "No, you go first" to the APMV.  
The pedestrian refuses to go first and he lets you and the APMV go first. So, Finally, the APMV expresses its thanks to the pedestrian via the e-HMI and then departs.
After encountering the pedestrian, the participant will stop complete the given subjective questionnaire, and then the APMV will continue on its path.
APMV will encounter the second pedestrian. The APMV stops upon encountering the pedestrian, and the pedestrian stops synchronously as soon as he/she sees the APMV. Then, it repeats the communication as previously. After the encounter with the pedestrian, the participant will complete the given subjective questionnaire, and then the APMV will continue on its path.
APMV will finish its path, and the participant will be instructed to leave the WHILL before the operator sets up the WHILL for the next round. After the participant completes all rounds, the participant will be asked to complete the TIPI and final interview.
Finally, the questionnaires that participants will take includes 2 parts: A subjective questionnaire, and an items personality inventory. A subjective questionnaire is used to understand the passenger's subjective feelings when experiencing the APMV-pedestrian interaction process. And the TIPI test is to measure your personality.